Tune CONTRIBUTION (#21)
janet-lang/pkgs: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Guidelines for contributing to the Janet Package Listing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Guidelines for contributing to the Janet package listing
```

Thanks for taking the time to contribute!

Please read this document before making contributions. If you find anything
missing of not appropriate, please do not hesitate and create an issue in this
repository.

> ## Adding a Package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a package
```

If you would like to add a package here, open a pull request with the

> package's name and URL and edit the pkgs.janet file. Plus points for simple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package's name and URL and edit the `pkgs.janet` file. Plus points for simple
```

> package's name and URL and edit the pkgs.janet file. Plus points for simple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package's name and URL and edit the pkgs.janet file. Bonus points for simple
```

Author: Bonus I will go by hand.

descriptions or reasons why you are adding the package in the comment.

> These are essential requirements on the package. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the key requirements for the package. The
```

probability of merge correlates with completeness.

* Check if the package exists before adding it twice.
* Make sure that users can use your package with `jpm`. It must have a file
  `project.janet` in its root directory and properly run when installed via

>   `jpm install https://some.git-host.org/me/mypackage.git`. Do not add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `jpm install https://git-host.example.org/path/to/your/package.git`. Do not add
```

  packages that do not work with jpm! If jpm cannot support your package,
  open an issue in this repository, and we will see what we can do.
* Please be sure that your `project.janet` file contains these required fields:
  * `:name` with the desired name of the package. The package's name should

>   usually be the same as its git repository and should be all lower case
>   and in kebab-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  usually be the same as its git repository and should be in lower
  kebab-case.
```

    * Good package names.
      * `my-package`
      * `thing`
      * `thing@bakpakin` (for a fork of the package)
    * Bad package names
      * `mypackage`
      * `my_package`
      * `MyPackage`
      * `my package`
      * `my.package.git`
      * `org.this.is.not.java.AbstractWidgetFactoryProducer`
  *  `:author` name of the author of the package. Preferably with email contact
  in the standard format: `"Josef Pospíšil <josef.pospisil@laststar.eu>"`.
  * `:description` short informative description of the package, preferably one
  sentence.

>   * `:license` abbreviation of the License name, e.g., "MIT".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `:license` abbreviation of the license name, e.g., "MIT".
```

  * `:url` with further information about the package. It could be a repository
  home page with `README.md` or any other website.
  * `:repo` from which users could clone code.
  * `:dependencies` field is optional but must be present if it depends on
  other packages.

> * Add package License, preferably in the LICENSE file in the root of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add package license, preferably in a `LICENSE` file in the root of the
```

  project.

> ## Optional Package properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Optional package properties
```

These are not required (at least for now) but are nice to have for any quality
package:

### Tier 1

* README file preferably with following information:
  * basic usage examples
  * installation process
    * native libraries code wraps
    * special tools needed
  * caveats
* test suite to check if the package works as expected with the latest stable
  Janet release. Tests are also a great way to explore the package API.

### Tier 2:

* example files that are easy to follow and shows usage of the package code.

> * CONTRIBUTING file similar to this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CONTRIBUTING` file similar to this.
```

### Tier 3:

> * TECH file with details about implementation and inner working of the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `TECH` file with details about implementation and inner workings of the package.
```

> ## Broken Links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Broken links
```
